
 https://www.prisma.io/dataguide
Intro, Data Modeling, Databases | Prisma's Data GuidePrisma's Data GuideLearn
how databases work, how to choose the right one, and how to use databases with
your applications to their full potential.     Introduction to databasesLearn
the basics of what databases are, why they are so important for most software,
and which types of databases are best for different use cases. Start from the
fundamentals to give yourself a solid foundation.What are databases?Comparing
database types: how database types evolved to meet different needsIntroduction
to database schemasGlossary of common database terminology     Data modelingA
crash course in (relational, although not ignoring others) designing data
models. Concentrating first on situating databases and data modeling problems in
an organization and systems design context before moving on to some of the less-
prominent areas of database functionality. Published in partnership with Dian
Fay.Intro (don't panic)Know your problem spaceTables, tuples, typesCorrectness
and constraintsMaking connectionsFunctional unitsIn vivo: information ecosystems
Database typesEach style of database has its own strengths and weaknesses. Learn
more about common database types to help choose which one is best for
you.Comparing relational and document databases     Relational
databasesRelational databases are great at handling highly structured data and
making it accessible through flexible querying. Discover why the relational
paradigm has stood the test of time.What is an ORM?Comparing SQL, query
builders, and ORMsWhat are database migrations?Strategies for deploying database
migrationsUsing the expand and contract pattern for schema changesComparing
common database infrastructure patterns     Document databasesDocument databases
are a great way for working flexibly with data with high scalability and
agility. Discover why document databases continue to gain in popularity.What are
document databases?     PostgreSQLPostgreSQL is a feature rich object-relational
database that offers incredible power and flexibility while maintaining
standards compliance. Learn how to configure and use PostgreSQL to take
advantage of its best features.The benefits of PostgreSQLGetting to know
PostgreSQL5 ways to host PostgreSQL databasesSetting up a local PostgreSQL
databaseHow to configure a PostgreSQL database on RDSConnecting to PostgreSQL
databasesAuthentication and authorization  •  An introduction to authorization
and authentication in PostgreSQL  •  Managing roles and role attributes in
PostgreSQL  •  Configuring PostgreSQL user authentication  •  Managing
privileges in PostgreSQL with grant and revokeHow to create and delete databases
and tables in PostgreSQLAn introduction to PostgreSQL data typesAn introduction
to PostgreSQL column and table constraintsInserting and modifying data  •  How
to insert and delete data in PostgreSQL  •  How to update existing data in
PostgreSQL  •  How to use `INSERT ON CONFLICT` to upsert data in PostgreSQL  • 
Importing and exporting data in PostgreSQL  •  Understanding and using
transactions in PostgreSQLReading and querying data  •  How to perform basic
queries with `SELECT` in PostgreSQL  •  How to filter query results in
PostgreSQL  •  Using joins to combine data from different tables in
PostgreSQL  •  Introduction to optimizing PostgreSQL performanceShort guides  • 
How to use single and double quotes in PostgreSQL  •  How to create and delete
users in PostgreSQL  •  Introduction to PostgreSQL connection URIs  •  How to
export database and table schemas in PostgreSQLWorking with dates in PostgreSQL
MySQLMySQL is one of the most popular relational databases in the world,
offering fast performance and production-ready power. Learn how to take
advantage of MySQL's features for your project or website.5 ways to host MySQL
databasesSetting up a local MySQL databaseConnecting to MySQL
databasesAuthentication and authorization  •  An introduction to authorization
and authentication in MySQL  •  How to manage users and authentication in
MySQL  •  How to use `GRANT` and `REVOKE` to manage privileges in MySQL  •  How
to manage privileges with roles in MySQLHow to create and delete databases and
tables in MySQLAn introduction to MySQL data typesAn introduction to MySQL
column and table constraintsInserting and modifying data  •  How to insert and
delete data in MySQL  •  How to update existing data in MySQL  •  How to use `ON
DUPLICATE KEY UPDATE` to upsert data in MySQL  •  Importing and exporting data
in MySQL  •  Understanding and using transactions in MySQLReading and querying
data  •  How to perform basic queries with `SELECT` in MySQL  •  How to filter
query results in MySQL  •  Using joins to combine data from different tables in
MySQL  •  Identifying slow queries in MySQL  •  Profiling and optimizing slow
queries in MySQLTools and utilties  •  Using `mysql_config_editor` to manage
MySQL credentialsShort guides  •  How to create and delete users in MySQL  • 
How check your MySQL configuration for syntax errors  •  How to export database
and table schemas in MySQL     SQLiteSQLite is a collection of a library, file
format, and command line utility that provides self-contained relational
database capabilities in local environments. Learn how to care for your
application's data using SQLite's versatile, reliable data management
capabilities.Setting up a local SQLite databaseImporting and exporting data in
SQLiteCreating and deleting databases and tables with SQLiteInserting and
deleting data with SQLiteHow to perform basic queries with `SELECT` with
SQLiteHow to update existing data with SQLiteHow to export database and table
schemas in SQLite     Microsoft SQL ServerMicrosoft SQL Server is a powerful and
mature relational database system that integrates well with the Microsoft
ecosystem and other environments. Learn how to take advantage of the benefits
offered by Microsoft SQL Server to power your next application.Setting up a
local SQL Server database     MongoDBMongoDB is a popular document database that
is often praised for its practicality and its ability to allow for rapid
prototyping and development.  Learn how to use MongoDB to its fullest to take
advantage of the performance and features that developers have grown to rely
on.What is MongoDB?Setting up a local MongoDB databaseConnecting to MongoDB
databasesIntroduction to provisioning MongoDB AtlasHow to manage users and
authentication in MongoDBHow to manage authorization and privileges in
MongoDBHow to manage databases and collections in MongoDBHow to manage documents
in MongoDBHow to query and filter documents in MongoDBIntroduction to MongoDB
data typesIntroduction to MongoDB indexesIntroduction to MongoDB
transactionsIntroduction to MongoDB connection URIsWorking with dates and times
in MongoDBHow MongoDB encrypts dataIntroduction to MongoDB database tools &
utilitiesHow to sort query results in MongoDBIntroduction to MongoDB Aggregation
Framework     Database toolsTools dedicated to improving your interactions with
databases.Top 11 Node.js ORMs, query builders & database libraries in 2022Top 8
TypeScript ORMs, query builders, & database libraries: evaluating type
safetyWhat is connection pooling and how does it work?     Managing
databasesStrategies and techniques for maintaining and managing databases in
your environments.Troubleshooting database outages and connection issuesHow to
spot bottlenecks in performanceSyncing development databases between team
membersDatabase replication  •  An introduction to database replication and its
benefitsIntroduction to OLAP and OLTPHow microservices and monoliths impact the
databaseIntroduction to database cachingIntroduction to testing in
productionIntroduction to database backup considerationsIntroduction to full-
text search     Serverless architectureThe serverless model represents a new way
of designing applications by abstracting the infrastructure and focusing only on
code execution. Learn more about about serverless concepts, providers, and terms
to evaluate serverless for your next project.What is serverless?Top 13
serverless computing and database providersIntroduction to common serverless
challengesTraditional databases vs serverless databasesServerless glossary
Just for funA collection of interesting topics and research not pertaining to
any specific topic but just for fun :)The United States' most popular databases
going into 2022PreviousIntroduction to database schemasNextWhat are
databases?Return to PrismaEdit this page on GitHubPrisma's Data GuideA growing
library of articles focused on making databases more approachable.Made with ❤️
by Prisma

# https://www.prisma.io
Prisma | Next-generation ORM for Node.js & TypeScript  Accelerate in Preview:
Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedNext-generation Node.js and TypeScript ORM Prisma
unlocks a new level of developer experience when working with databases thanks
to its intuitive data model, automated migrations, type-safety & auto-
completion.QuickstartPlayground30k+Stars on GitHub250k+Active developers““Our
setup with Prisma enabled us to generate everything from code and ensure our
developers can iterate very quickly.”Lasse AbelsenDevOps Engineer at Tryg““The
flexibility of moving fast and changing the product based on user feedback fast
was crucial”Serghei GhidoraTech Lead at Elsevier““Prisma helps us unify data
access from multiple enterprise systems into a single API. It means we can move
very quickly whilst staying flexible.”Tom HutchinsonHead of Mobile at
RaphaPrisma schemaData model you can readThe Prisma schema is intuitive and lets
you declare your database tables in a human-readable way — making your data
modeling experience a delight. You define your models by hand or introspect them
from an existing database. Learn more about Prisma SchemaSupported
LanguagesJavaScriptTypeScriptPrisma in your stack ->Supported
DatabasesPostgreSQLMySQLSQLiteSQL ServerMongoDBCockroachDBPrisma in your stack
->Prisma ClientType-safe database clientPrisma Client is a query builder that’s
tailored to your schema. We designed its API to be intuitive, both for SQL
veterans and developers brand new to databases. The auto-completion helps you
figure out your query without the need for documentation.Explore Prisma
ClientPlaygroundExtra ergonomy in VS CodeAuto-completion, linting, formatting
and more help Prisma developers in VS Code stay confident and
productive.Download Prisma VS Code ExtensionMake fewer errors with
TypeScriptPrisma provides the strongest type-safety guarantees of all the ORMs
in the TypeScript ecosystem.Read comparison with TypeORMAuto-generatedEasy
Relation APIAdvanced PaginationNested WritesRaw Database AccessSorting and
FilteringTransactionsAggregationsCase-insensitive ModeSelect DistinctHelpful
Error MessagesSQL Query LoggingJSON Field SupportNative Database TypesCustom
GeneratorsMiddlewareExplore the up-to-date Prisma Client DocumentationPrisma
MigrateHassle-free migrationsPrisma Migrate auto-generates SQL migrations from
your Prisma schema. These migration files are fully customizable, giving you
full control and ultimate flexibility — from local development to production
environments.Learn morePlaygroundPrisma StudioVisual database browserPrisma
Studio is the easiest way to explore and manipulate data in your Prisma
projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables, filter, paginate,
traverse relations and edit your data with safety.Learn moreHow does Prisma fit
in your stack?Prisma is a server-side library that helps developers read and
write data to the database in an intuitive, efficient and safe way.The ORM that
plays well with your favorite frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of
choice, Prisma simplifies database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and
increases type safety. Its the perfect companion for building production-grade,
robust and scalable web applications.Browse examples on GitHubMore about Prisma
in your stackOptimize Prisma for production workflowsGain better reliability,
collaboration, and visibility when working with your database.With the
ProxyWithout the ProxyServerless functions made easyWhen used with the ORM, the
Data Proxy manages a connection pool to avoid running out of connections during
traffic spikes. It also drastically reduces Prisma Clients bundle size and makes
your Serverless function start up faster.Collaborate safely with your teamInvite
your colleagues and collaborate with appropriate permissions. Manage and verify
your application data in the cloud with the Data Browser. Then test and
troubleshoot Prisma queries directly from your browser using the Query
Console.Discover the Data PlatformTrusted in production
byProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

#### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

##### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

###### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

####### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

#################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

##################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

###################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

####################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

#################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

##################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

###################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

####################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

#################################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

##################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

###################################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

####################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

#################################################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

##################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

###################################################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

####################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

######################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

########################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

############################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################################ https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################################# https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################################## https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

################################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

#################################################################################### https://pris.ly/pdp
Prisma Data PlatformGet started withAccelerate and PulseSupercharge your Prisma
Client with global database caching, serverless connection pooling and real-time
database events.Continue with GitHubBy clicking on Continue with GitHub, you
agree to ourÂ terms of service.AccelerateGlobal database cache with built-in
connection poolingAchieve up to 1000x faster database queries with
Accelerateâs global cache available in over 280 locations. Improve response
times and reduce database load with an extended Prisma Client offering granular
control over established caching patterns on a per-query basis.Continue with
GitHubDocumentation PulseEarly AccessReal-time database eventsSubscribe to type-
safe data changes with and extended Prisma Client in real-time. Avoid database
polling and complex change data capture by integrating Pulse with your existing
database infrastructure.Join the waitlistDocumentation Â© 2023 Prisma Data, Inc.

##################################################################################### https://www.prisma.io/client
Prisma Client - Auto-generated query builder for your data  Accelerate in
Preview: Global database cache with scalable connection pooling -> Get
startedProductPrisma ORMClientWrite Queries the way you thinkMigrateGenerate
customisable SQL migrationsPrisma Data PlatformAcceleratepreviewQuery up to
1000x fasterPulseearly accessMake your database real-timeData BrowserExplore and
manipulate data in your projectsData ProxyManage and scale your connection
poolDocsDeveloperGet StartedTutorialsPlaygroundPrisma ExamplesPrisma in your
StackSupportEcosystemCommunityData GuidePrisma PlaygroundUse CasesCustomer
StoriesLearn about applications built with PrismaEnterpriseUp-level your
applications with our Data PlatformCompanyAboutBlogCareersEventsCausesLatest
from the blogGet StartedPrisma ClientIntuitive Database Client for TypeScript
and Node.jsThe Prisma Client works seamlessly across languages and databases.
Ship faster by writing less SQL. Avoid mistakes with a fully type-safe API
tailored specifically for your app.Prisma ClientExplore the  Prisma Client
APIFrom simple reads to complex nested writes, the Prisma Client supports a wide
range of operations to help you make the most of your data.  TypeScriptGet
StartedReading DataFind RecordsTraverse RelationsOrder By, Limits &
CursorsAggregates & Group By1// Find all posts2const allPosts: Post[] = await
prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User | null = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a user by
email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email:
'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})1// Find all posts2const allPosts:
Post[] = await prisma.post.findMany()1// Find a user by ID2const userById: User
| null = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    id: 2,5  },6})1// Find a
user by email2const userByEmail = await prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4
email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6})1// Find the first user that contains Ada2const
userByName = await prisma.user.findFirst({3  where: {4    name: {5
contains: 'Ada',6    },7  },8})1// Select specific fields2const userName = await
prisma.user.findUnique({3  where: {4    email: 'ada@prisma.io',5  },6  select:
{7    name: true,8    email: true,9  },10})Supported Databasesindex.tsx1await
prisma.user.findMany({2  where: {3    email: {4      endsWith: '@prisma.io',5
}6  },7  include: {8    p9  }10}) postsPost[]profileProfileEditor
IntegrationAutocomplete your way to SuccessThe best code is the code that writes
itself. Prisma Client gives you a fantastic autocomplete experience so you can
move quickly and be sure you don't write an invalid query. Our obsession with
type safety means you can rest assured that your code works as expected, every
time.Get started in 5 minutesPlaygroundThe ORM that plays well with any
frameworkEasy to integrate into your framework of choice, Prisma simplifies
database access, saves repetitive CRUD boilerplate and increases type safety.
It's the perfect database toolkit for building robust and scalable web
APIs.Next.jsEasiest way to work with a database for this popular React
framework.GraphQLQuery databases from your GraphQL servers easily with
Prisma.NestJSIntegrate Prisma with this popular server-side application
framework.ExpressEasy way to query databases in this minimalist web
framework.ApolloIntegrate Prisma with one of the most popular GraphQL
platforms.hapiQuery databases with ease from this backend framework.Browse more
examples on GitHubBrowse examplesMore aboutPrisma in your stackPrisma
StudioVisual database browserThe easiest way to explore and manipulate Data in
your Prisma projects. Understand your data by browsing across tables and their
relations and edit them with safety. Available for macOS, Windows and
Linux.Learn morePrisma MigrateHassle-free migrationsBased on the Prisma Schema,
Prisma Migrate automatically generates SQL database migrations, that are fully
customizable. For quick data model prototyping in development, prisma db push
lets you make changes to the database without generating migration files.Learn
moreJoin the CommunityWe have multiple channels where you can get help from
members of our community as well as the Prisma team.SlackEngage with a vibrant
community of developers and companies adopting PrismaJoin our
channelGitHubBrowse the Prisma source code, send feedback, or join the
discussion on GitHub.Contribute in GitHubDiscordChat in real-time, hang out, and
share ideas with community members and our team.Join our
serverProductClientMigrateData BrowserData ProxyAcceleratePreviewPulseEarly
AccessPricingDevelopersDocsGet StartedPrisma ExamplesData GuidePrisma in your
StackSupportCommunityData Platform StatusVS Code ExtensionUse CasesCustomer
StoriesEnterpriseCompanyAboutBlogCareers EventsCausesTerms & PrivacyNewsletter©
2023 Prisma Data, Inc.
